Dear students,

Please find attached the preliminary evaluation of your recorded presentation. Please do not hesitate to contact me if anything is unclear. 
The peer review and the questions will follow on Saturday, once the deadline for sending the peer evaluations is over.

The evaluation is preliminary as you are allowed to update the presentation based on the comments. This is not compulsory; you can leave the presentation as-is and only submit the answer to the question you select. If you decide to update your presentation, please clearly indicate which changes you made in the comments of your submission.

21/4-25/4: your group will receive feedback from 3 other students and myself, and 3 questions. At this stage you may improve your presentation. For one of the 3 questions you receive, answer it in a separate video (Guideline: not more than 5 minutes is expected for the second video).

Best regards,
Toon Calders
---
Group 3: ??/20

On the Dangers of Stochastic Parrots: Can Language Models Be Too Big?

Marie Ndagijimana
Achraf Yandouzi
Liam Leir

Overall a quite decent presentation. The paper is relatively "easy" in the sense that it does not contain techniocal details or difficult concepts, but it is nice that several additional sources were sought and added in the presentation. It would have been great if additionally some connections could have been made to more recent developments that were discussed in class.

Positive points:
- searched for additional information and included it in the presentation

Points for improvement:
- could have included a bit more recent works; eg: how much energy needed to train/run the newer models? Is there progress in the insights listed in the paper? For instance regarding the reasoning capabilities of models there is nowadays much more to say (you could connect to the presentation on chain of thought, or the one on the emergent capabilities of LLMs like GPT4 that were already presented)
- (almost?) all of the visuals are taken from other works without properly referencing the source. Make sure to correctly attribute the sources of the visuals and examples you include in the presentation! On the one hand, otherwise there may be complaints regarding plagiarism, and on the other hand, citing the sources shows your efforts to find additional material.
- there are a couple of strange or unclear statements in the slides: for instance: "filtering amplifies inclusion"; it seems the paper does say exactly the opposite. Also, it is not clear what is meant by "explainable semantics".
- avoid that you are too much reading the slides or that the explanation seems too scripted (especially 2nd presenter).