[Title] Videos for commenting and one question
[Author] Toon Calders

Videos for commenting and one question
Dear students,



Many thanks to all of you for submitting the videos for batch 2 of the papers in time. Each of you will now get assigned one presentation for commenting and posing one question. Please find below the assignment of presentations to each of you. This assignment is individual. That is, each person is expected to write an individual evaluation of the presentation.

These evaluations will not be anonimous, although when sharing the feedbacks with the groups I will not reveil which comment is from whom (but given that the assignment is known, privacy is limited). Be honest, but constructive in your feedback.

You are also expected to formulate one question about the paper. Make sure that your question allows for an answer of reasonable length (for instance: "Did they use GPT 3.5 or GPT 4o?" is not a good question as it can be answered in 1 second.)



Where to find what?

The presentations are in the folder "Videos for assignment 2" on the course page on Blackboard.
To upload your evaluation and question, there will be an assignment in the folder "Tests, peer evaluations and upload zone".
The paper that got assigned to you: see below.
Deadline for submitting the evaluation: 18/4 23:59.



Best regards,

Toon Calders



Measuring Fairness with Biased Rulers: A Comparative Study on Bias Metrics for Pre-trained Language Models

Saartje	Herman

Inte	Vleminckx

Martina	Janeva



Distilling Step-by-Step! Outperforming Larger Language Models with Less Training Data and Smaller Model Sizes

Takoudjou Nde	Kenneth

Leirs	Liam

Niels	Van den Broeck

Konstantina	Ellina



On the Dangers of Stochastic Parrots: Can Language Models Be Too Big?

Arbesa	Jashanica

Ilias	Sarikakis

Xhejms	Galanxhi



An empirical study of LLaMA3 quantization: from LLMs to MLLMs

Pablo	De Vicente Abad

Norea	Sjunnesson

Jonas	De Maeyer



Can LLMS keep a secret? Testing privacy implications of language models via contextual integrity theory

Stein	Vandenbroeke

Marie	Ndagijimana

Asima	Bibi



Red Teaming Language Models with Language Models

Shakhzodbek	Bakhtiyorov

Hala	Alramli

Achraf	Yandouzi