Current Trends in Data Science and Artificial Intelligence
2024 - 2025
Course Code: 2000WETCTD
Study Domain: Computer Science
Semester: 2E SEM
Contact Hours: 60
Credits: 6
Study Load (hours): 168
Contract Restrictions: No contract restriction
Language of Instructions: ENG
Lecturer(s): Toon Calders
Examperiod: exam in the 2nd semester
EVEN
Bi-annual course: Thought in academic years starting in an even year
1. Prerequisites *
speaking and writing of: English
specific prerequisites for this course
* Programming skills (Python/Java/C/C++)
* Data structures, Algorithms, Complexity
* Basic notions of Artificial Intelligence, Data Mining, Machine Learning
2. Learning outcomes *
be aware of recent developments in the field of data science
be able to follow the rapidly expanding literature in our field
master several techniques for communicating research, including: presenting with slides, presenting a poster, writing a report
find, select, and synthesise relevant scientific literature in the context of the selected topics of the course
find, select, and synthesise relevant scientific literature in the context of the selected topics of the course
3. Course contents *
The course is taught bi-annually and covers one or more current topics.
For the year 2022-2023 the topic will be causal inference and causal machine learning. Causal machine learning takes into account the causal relationships between the variables in the data. This is important because machine learning algorithms often have to work with observational datasets instead of datasets obtained by randomized trials, which may lead to misleading results if causality is not taken into account. Causal inference is a hot topic; for instance in 2021, the Nobel prize in Economic Sciences was awarded to three economists—Joshua Angrist, David Card, and Guido Imbens for their work on causal inference.
In this year's edition of the course we will learn techniques to represent causal models, correct for confounders, and identify causal effects based on statistical measures. We will see several applications , including in fairness and recommender systems.
Some examples of topics that were taught in previous editions can be found below: In the academic year 2016-2017, we covered the following four topics:
Social Network Analysis,
Data Privacy and Protection and the GDPR,
Artificial Neural Networks and Deep Learning (with guest lecture by Google's DeepMind).
Chatbots and Conversational Interfaces.
In the academic year 2018-2019, we covered the following topics: Privacy-aware machine learning techniques
Ethical machine learning
GDPR
In the academic year 2020-2021, we covered the following topics: Fair machine learning
Adversarial attacks of neural networks
Filter bubbles and echo chambers
Explainable Artificial Intelligence
Students will work in small groups on the topics. Each group will read and study three papers in detail and present the material covered by the papers. This will be done through a variety of presentation forms: presentation with slides, presentation with poster, and a report. For one of the topics (the last one) the group will also get some hands-on experience and reproduce and extend the empirical validation or simulation in the paper.
4. International dimension *
This course stimulates international and intercultural competences.
Students use course materials in a foreign language.
The lecturer invites international guest lecturers.
Students give presentations in a foreign language.
Students write papers in a foreign language.
5. Teaching method and planned learning activities
5.1 Used teaching methods *
Class contact teaching
Lectures
Seminars/Tutorials
Guest lectures
Personal work
Assignments
In group
Case studies
In group
Paper
In group
Directed self-study
5.2 Planned learning activities and teaching methods
We will cover one or more emerging  data science topics.
Classes consist of introduction lectures, guest lectures of experts, and student presentations.
Students will have to read and present recent scientific articles, individually and in group, and write reports.
5.3 Facilities for working students *
Classroom activities
no specific facilities
Individual work
In group: individual alternative assignment possible
6. Assessment method and criteria *
6.1 Used assessment methods *
Continuous assessment
Assignments (no second assessment period)
Participation in classroom activities (no second assessment period)
Self-directed assessment
Peer-assessment (no second assessment period)
Other assessment methods
Presentation (no second assessment period)
6.2 Assessment criteria *
Student will be evaluated on the quality of their reports, presentations as well as their participatiion in class.
Copied Code - Code created by Generative AI
For implementations supporting the project, students may copy code from the internet, but must do so explicit attribution of the source where it is copied from. Students may use generative AI tools for the code adopted in their project, but must do so with explicit acknowledgment, i.e. it must be clearly indicated which code was created by which tools. Students may be asked to elaborate on how they used generative AI.
Support from generative AI
Students may use generative AI tools as for writing reports, similar to initial search engines such as Google and for checking grammar and spelling. Students may be asked to elaborate on how they used generative AI.
7. Study material
7.1 Required reading *
All required reading material will be made available online.
7.2 Optional reading
8. Contact information *
Prof. dr. Toon Calders (toon.calders@uantwerpen.be)
Prof. dr. Bart Goethals (bart.goethals@uantwerpen.be)
9. Tutoring
Questions can be addressed to the lecturer and assistants by email or after making an appointment.